
…“Chris, follow me,” said a white beard bony old man with a cane and a broken(Bent) backbone. Everything except him was fuzzy and quite spooky. It seemed that there were the shadows of trees as the limbo’s background on either direction and only one of them was visible which look as if to be dancing. The old man trudged towards ‘the dancing tree’ and then he went astray. It was all smoke that entered in me through my nose but even then it ,blurred my sight. Then, I too moved forward towards the ‘Dancing tree’. I made an effort to touch the tree but it vanished and didn’t felt like I had it touched it though, all that could be seen was smoke with no cough issues. Suddenly some strange voices started coming “Waakkkeee-uuuppp” in a gruffly and coarse voice and again in the same manner. I wanted to get that guy’s mouth shut and those voices too. I thought that this guy is trying to blow up my  Suddenly, it started raining but didn’t felt the dampness in the rain and I got wet”…… 
 
It was half-past 12 of another pleasant December morning in the city of Chicago, when my eyes blinked up and again an old man appeared, “I have been noticing since when he just came to my sight!” I thought like why always with me, “Can’t these old people find someone else, or is this a curse of life”. I had a very anxious feeling though I didn’t say anything. When my eyes totally agreed to bear the pain of being opened, I noticed that the old man was Uncle Relf. I never thought that I would ever say or write this one but he was the only and most important person I had in my life early on, even though he wasn’t bothered about me, scolded me, sent to deliver and again scolded me according to my routine. He was the owner and second employee of ‘The Hams’, actually first.
Uncle Relf who seemed to be whispering but all of a sudden when his shrieked voice started hunting my ear drums, I realized he was actually telling me “wake up-wake up” and sprinkling water that turned into rain in my dream. “Awkward” I whispered to myself. “Huh…?” asked Relf. “Nothing” I said, his face was right in front of mine and his voice was bothering my ears, when he drew himself towards the kitchen to have some ‘Hams’ cooked up as usual.
I thought that the strangest thing in my life is that can one possibly talk to Ham’s filling, breads and even its packing, and that probably the only guy that I had “But how much I’d live till then?” I thought and my life is yet to be explored too much.
He went to the gas stove and had its filling cooked and a pan and then he spoke, “Hey boy, can’t you get the golden color. I cannot get a good customer rating, until you grow old to be cooked at your best but its fine and we will get our franchises all around the world after the ‘Ham Evolution’ and we would definitely show the world the power of Hams”     
 I could see the tin shed on top of me and then I drew myself out from the sleep and especially away from the wooden bed with a cloth on it that attracts me towards it and sleep.                 

 It was again the same morning like the other 364 ones on a the year as I’d thought at the same shop named ‘The Hams’ at the side of the same Strawberry Fields and under the same shed which was our kitchen, bedroom and whole of our house. It was made of tin and wasn’t durable for bad weathers, we should have changed it long back from now.
 He then again started shouting with his right eyebrow stretched upwards and the other one downwards, his lips seemed to be sucking with a straw and he started to yell, “Chris you lousy boy, don’t have any other work other than sleeping”. I knew that I was late and should have got up early but firstly it was not actually my fault because I couldn’t sleep the whole night and secondly it was the first time that I slept during my working hours still Relf has to say negative about me. If I put out the fire, then also he would accuse me of igniting.
 He started shouting on me with his tongue striking his upper jaw’s front four teeth twice a word,
 “Just go and theyliver (deliver) those hamburgers at Grimm Street house numboar (number) 12 and come back fast otherwise fourget (forget) about your meal” 
I stood up to his expectations to go and he again shouted “Are you planning to sleep again, go otherwise I’m gonna beat you, you’re completely useless and a disgust to The Hams”. He spoke with intense pressure on his infectious throat that highlighted the nerves of it and grunted his voice.
“Okaaay” I said and even after that he kept on shouting on me but I left to brush my teeth, we use to brush our teeth on the same tap that we used to clean vegetables with. I then moved to the corner of the shop and changed my clothes. 
It was nearly quarter past 1 but, still it was a pleasant day with no sun’s scorching heat or a heavy glare, when I took my cycle out with hamburgers kept and moved towards the Grimm Street .The air was fragrant due to recent rain which occurred at night, maybe and it seemed that leaves of trees were talking with me and tiny flowers were requesting me not to step on them. The fast wind blew my hair all around my face and a warm smile came on my face. I loved my life on a place that’s fresh and green round the year. 
And after a lot much, I reached Grimm street crossing 11 houses, I parked my cycle under a big tree whose leaves were glittering like diamonds because of morning dews covering whole of my cycle and took the hamburger order from it and when I turned to find the house I saw a magnificent villa, I stared at it with my eyes widely opened .It was a big house with two pillars on the doorway and three steps to step up towards the dark green painted door and on the top of the pillars there was a triangular template with “Mary’s livelihood” written.
I took the order and step up the stairs and rang the bell “ting-tong, ting-tong!!”
A mystifying eye larger than an average human maybe because of the hole had a lens that magnified her eyes, from the door-hole seeked at me and suddenly the door handle started moving and then with a creepy sound the door opened and it was a chubby lady with pimples on her cheeks, looking so delighted to see her order .I said “your order mam”. She took her order and gave me the money and when I was leaving she asked me in a voice like singing opera, “What’s your name little boy?”
I replied “Chris Hawkins”
 And then her opera voice turned manly, she got a little shock in herself and she spoke striding towards me with her pupils turned yellow and he eyes expanded like the cat families, “This is not your destiny Chris, this is the time for you to get what you deserve” 
I said “Excuse me, mam” and then took a few steps behind and fell from the stairs, although it didn’t hurt, I took my cycle ran back as I was really frightened of her and then thought that she was mad, but while riding a bit far I turned around and found that the lady was searching for something or someone or maybe for me ‘How strange and freaky was she’.
When I was returning I heard another man said with his dog up for a walk “Don’t run away from it, you can’t avoid it, the time has come, Chris Chris…..”And it all stopped for a while when I reached halfway to ‘The Hams’.
I thought that I got relief from all that freaky stuff but then I saw an old man who was the same guy that I saw in my dream “Are you kidding me” I said to myself, being so frustrated of old guys since morning. He was waving his hands looking at me and it looked like he was calling me. I started to think that it wasn’t really a dream but a notice for what I was destined for or someone was controlling my mind. I was really very eager to meet him but I had to give the money back to uncle Relf .So I rushed to uncle Relf on my cycle.
   I rode as fast as I could and got to ‘the Hams’ quickly. I was very tired after riding so fast but had no time to rest as I was continuously thinking about that old man. I gave money to uncle Relf, took my lunch which was a ham as usual and loaded it in the cycle again.
Relf asked “Where are you going? Help me sell these hamburgers or else don’t come home again”
 He shouted with anger and then gawked at me so I replied recklessly, 
“It’s not my home anymore and I won’t return”.
 I said this because I was sick and tired working with the cruel guy and also had to go by then. “But why?” he asked very politely.
 “I was planning for a ham evolution, that we would add molten omelet cruise with extra cheese and mayo and we will show our hams to the whole world and would be rich” said Relf.
”Umm, uhh... nope” I said after a while thinking and I said again, “Good luck and fulfill your dreams, thanks for everything but I am determined to leave, it’s over maybe, our time being together has rang up sooo... Goodbye” I said recklessly and left. I was sad leaving Relf because I had nowhere to live, nothing to earn but when there is nothing possible it’s just hope which keeps you alive so removing all this from my mind I moved forward. 

Now what I own in the whole world was my only clothes that I wore, even before that I owned nothing except for that T-shirt and trousers and a night suit .I rushed towards the old freaky man .While running I was thinking who that guy is? Why did he come in my dream? Why was he calling me? And many more perplexing questions .And all of a sudden… 
                                           ‘BOOM’
 A crash between me and a boy .Though I was down and out with a lot of voltage that had me bit stunned. I thought that he was poorly injured as I hit him up and the crash was hazardous too, but he stood still. The best part is that the same crash that got me down and hurt, how it affected him was just both of his arms getting out from his jeans pocket. His both hands were bandaged and wounded with the reddest that I had ever seen with nerves too highlighted even before the accident. He was handsome on top of blue T-shirt and gallant boy seemed that he came fighting with some who really thrash him in very creepy manner, maybe something instead and though he managed to have a cool hairstyle.
“I’m really sorry man, are you hurt” I asked with guilt.
 He replied “I’m fine anyways are you fine?”  .
I replied “Yah! I am fine” although I was hurt but I couldn’t confess.
He said “I am a Robert Johanson” and preceded his hand.
I said “I am Chris Hawkins” shaking hands with him.
 Shaking hands was a good deed, I was isolated from people of my age and never had any friend before and he was the first one I guess.  
“Are you trashed?”  And he immediately said “Are you nuts?” 
“I…..mean uhh, look at your wounds!” I said to balance my early words.
“You are nuts!!!” he said nodding as he knew that I am ‘nuts!’ 
“Well, how are you thraass...?”
And he interrupted “I am not thrashed man stop saying that word I just hate it, but well these are because I had the ongoing tournament.  And I fight from the Royce sponsors sub-junior category and .I live only for boxing and by boxing, it’s actually a dialogue made by me, its cool Na” and ended up with some bizarre expressions.
“Yes it is” I replied with showing a ‘thumbs up’ and getting both of my eyebrows up and an exciting smile. Until this time I knew that I am not used to talk with friends and also that Robert is too enthusiastic towards his boxing. We started walking and talking too.
I started to introduce myself “I worked in ‘The Hams’ burger shop but now I don’t work there”, “Where you live?”  I asked him.
He replied “I don’t live at any particular place; it depends on other group members”. “You’re so lucky, you work with your father in the Hamburger shop and enjoy your own world” “He is not my father, my parents died in an accident and after it I had to work with my Relf who is very ghastly but at least I get some money working with him “My conditions are the same, it’s not easy to live without parents” said Robert. 
“When I was 8 I got myself out of an orphanage and then made friends who took me for betting and then fooled me and got myself at the ring”, “Their plan was to get me to ring and bet on my opponent” 
“Then at the fight opponents were double size of me , brushed my skin off me and then somehow I made it to the final round with my face too swelled that I barely saw anything, then referee said that winner gets 30$ ; struck myself and then knocked him to floor”
“Wow, so how you got to the Royce club?”
Now I had much respect then before, as I thought him as another dweeb with no lack of silver spoon.
“After the fight he got me and swelled too much that I started to take pleasure in it and then won the sub-junior championship, which got me to the club and sold that belt later on”
“You’re an inspiration yourself man” I said   
 “Thanks, anyways where are you going?” He asked me and I replied, 
“Umm... you won’t understand, leave it but what about you?” “I had a strange day although, I had people saying about my destination from the morning but I think it’s a hoax maybe”. 
“Oh! Don’t tell me that” “What?” “Oh, because same things are happening with me too” I said. I didn’t notice that walking took us already to the old street of Bailey. I was going to confirm that the same things were happening with him also 
And then I saw a guy chasing another guy in the park. The guy who was being chased was a baroque plump running as fast as he could with a hamburger and big fat belly moving up and down following his steps. It seemed like he has stolen it from somewhere and soon I got to know that it was Relf who was running after him and then it came to my senses that I totally forgot about the ‘Destination hoax’
He started shouting “He is thief, Chris catch him ,He is thief, He is  thief” .It seemed like his voice system has been jammed and is repeating the same line - ‘He is thief’ .The fat boy ran and got himself behind me .Then, I got to knew that he stole Relf’s Hamburger!!! 
I turned back, the fat boy was looking at me and his blue and pink eyes made me save him, so I spoke with deliberate and constant pleasure at saving him, 
“He’s not a thief, He ordered hamburgers from me and gave the money too and here it is.”
“Ok” he yelled.
 I yield the money and he snatched it within the blink of my eyes, he turned and moved to his own way.
 “Thanks for it well Aam (aa-m) Baab (b-aab)”. Well I didn’t get that the first time either, so will you as it was as abstruse as doctor’s writing.
 Robert said “Is it your name Baab? I think it is supposed B-o-b …..‘Bob’ I guess”  
“So well, but you guessed it wrong, it’s B-o-b Baab” he replied still the same abstruse.
 “Ok hello he is my friend Chris and I am Robert” Robert stretched his right hand and said, “Hi I am Robert Jo...”
And Bob interrupted and started saying, “Hey Khrees (Chris), where are you going?” 
I used say everyone that it’s complicated, but if I’ll tell it to Bob he would have my brain into half and so I chided, “We are going to eat” 
“Would you saire (Share)?” Even though he had malfunctioned oratory and it was really tricky and complicated, hardly possible for anyone to understand but I got it as I could have also said that as it’s about food, his favorite “Well, I’m just kidding!” I said to make it sarcastically funny.
“No foud (food)!!!” He said with howl in his face.
“But I am ungrey (hungry)!” he said. 
Suddenly after listening to hungry I thought that I forgot any thing and soon I remember it was my lunch .I said by putting both my hands over me face “Oh crap! I have to go back”. 
“But why?” asked Robert.
 “I forgot my lunch in my shop” “I’ll be right here” I said and rushed towards ‘The Hams’. I was thinking that Relf shouldn’t have got those Hams off the cycle, as I had to show my face once again and that I never wished of.
As the cycle was kept at right side of the Hams stall, I sneaked up right to the bushes behind the stall. Relf stood at the shed and it was the perfect time for me to get those hams.
I sneaked towards the cycle and was expecting a clear way, and then I tried to get my hand towards the ham. It was not easy for me to place my palm over the silly ham but I finally got the ham under my palm and then I was slowly picking it up, suddenly a grin could be heard and that I was well-known to. 
“Ha-ha, the bird is finally back to its nest” 
“It’s a cage, and I am back for some petitions” I said.
“Huh, what are they?”  He asked.
“My lunch and … my payments for 6 years of 24-7 work” 
“24-7?” he said
“Okay… 12-7” I said
 He nodded his head and accepted my demands and gave me the 2 ham lunch from the kitchen and stood after me, putting his hand into his back-pocket and then he took out a bill of just ‘ 2 Dollars’ and gave me. 
“Huh, are you kidding me?” “6 Years of 24…uhh 12-7 work resulted just two dollars!”  I said expecting more from him.
With a time of silence he took out his calculator from his left back-pocket and started working over it, I though that I won and he would pay me more.
 “120 Dollars, for 2312 days of 5 hams per day and your wrist injuries’ treatment cost”. 
“No, I uh…. I am satisfied with 2 dollars” I said as half of a loaf is better than giving away breads. I had my lunch, two dollars and returned to Robert and B-o-b Baab. They were sitting in a wooden bench at the footpath of the old street of Bailey talking to each other.
I gave one Ham to Bob; he held the ham and looked to his ham as his ham was looking at him too. All of a sudden, I felt that his ham was wearing blue sunglasses and was smiling with the background of dazzling pinkish smoke and glimpse of stars twinkling and old school Blue Swede music ,I had a smile in my face thinking about that and suddenly whole of the ham’s face vanished and I saw Baab chewing it with bits of ham and ketchup spread all around his mouth and I came to know that he ate the happy ham and ruined his happiness, I felt guilty for ham as I couldn’t save it but, I should had done the same.
 I broke the other one into two halves to share it with Robert. I offered the half ham to Robert; he was looking down to the footpath with all fingers crossing each other one on top of the other and two thumbs standing straight up and didn’t saw me offering the Ham. “Uham…” I said to attract his attention. 
“Umm, no thanks, I don’t eat Hams” Robert said 
 “But I wont eat it alone seeing you hungry” I replied expecting him to change his decision
 “No man I won’t have it, I have no wish to at right now” he said nodding his head and showing whole of his plan to indicate a stop.
“But I already broke it into half and now you have to eat this” I forcefully tried to make him eat but he denied once again so I lunged the ham right into his closed mouth and it resulted with ketchup, mayo and bits of Ham’s filling painting up his mouth. After seeing his painted mouth I tried to trap my laugh in my mouth by closing it with my hand but I all burst it open and I started laughing loudly by putting hand in my thorax instead .His face that turned saucy and cheesy really suited him up and soon I stopped my laugh too, seeing his expression that stated sort of “Ha-ha! Not so funny face”
All the respect that I had for Robert strode down to sea and a new internal blow of pleasure set me on wings. 
Baab came striding with both left-right and forward movements, and tenderly putting his left hand around Robert’s neck and tried to pull it down, to his other hand which was under his t-shirt, Robert himself came down and then Baab wiped Robert’s face and cleaned it with his t-shirt. I wanted to say to Robert and make him realize that the unlimited sorrows of the world had never come to an end he enlisted his too, but I was afraid he would knock me out after this.  
“Thanks” said Robert.
“No praablem (Problem)”replied Baab.
I got my finger and just had to speak, but somehow he knew and stopped me saying, “Not a word” I spoke, “But..” again Robert interrupted “Not even a single word” and then I locked the doors of my mouth even though the thoughts were trapped trying to jailbreak themselves.     
As we moved forward I still had those thoughts but was afraid of expressing them. At that time we saw two girls chattering with each other along the path with pleasure and were coming towards us.
“Have you heard about Jack the ripper?” one of them asked with other. 
“Ya… aaah …a-aaah…..ah…aaah” Bob said being very eager to say something he might have forgotten perplexed.
  “Well she’s asking that to her and eventually if you speak no lies you don’t know” Robert whispered to bob in his ears
 “So, you know them?” 
“Yeah, the right one, I saw her at a cloth shop whose name I forgot and the shopkeeper called her like ten times an hour” 
“So who’s wrong” asked Baab.
“Uhh, just uh… don’t” then I stopped even though I was just eager and rather annoyed at Baab’s thoughts and was just going to speak but the stop and gave a precious warm smile to Baab being so distressed thinking that explaining him was as difficult as making a hole at a fast flowing river
 “And actually, you can not judge someone by his or her face” Baab stated with a finger at his hair rubbing him.
 “Stop it, it’s so annoying… just don’t” Robert said
They came to us and the right one said to Robert, “Hey, Robert how’re you?” 
 “I’m fine, what about you” Robert said.
“I am absolutely fine too, but I bet you don’t remember my name?” asked that girl.
“Wait, you are …KKK…o...rrrrr” Robert spoke in just a way as dumb students spell the answers to teachers.
 And they said together Robert pointing at the girl with both eyebrows up as he just got her name and the girl pointing at herself ‘Coretta’, wore a blue trouser and a black T-shirt and she was a cute girl with fair skin and pale black hair all set free seemed her quite girl. She wore spectacles and a Blue-white textile shoe. 
Then Robert asked her “You never told you have a sister or somethin’?” 
“Well we are uh… new friends” replied Coretta.
 “I met her down the road and uhh…” she stopped with her facial nerves stuck and said, “Am I a customer care service?” “Huh…” everyone said together and gazed at her. “Why should I answer everything? You speak the next… my very new friend” Coretta said pointing the girl other girl to speak next.
“You know we are girls and we can talk on anything so like… we don’t need a reason to talk” said the other girl.
“Hey but I forgot to ask you your name?” said Coretta.
“I am Kelly… Kelly Robins” replied the girl who was an elegant and fashionable girl who wore a crop top and shorts with heels on her legs. 
“And meet him, my friend, Chris” said Robert with both hand pointing over me. Then both of them looked at me 
I said, “Hi!” 
“And the other one with bits of ham around his mouth is Baab” Robert said pointing towards Baab
“Hello, aam Baab” 
“Hi, I’m Coretta” Coretta said looking at us.
 “Hello, I am Chris…, Chris Hawkins” I said to Kelly “Umm Chris.., I think you’re from the Hams?” she asked me. 
“Ya, but how do you know?” I asked dazed. 
I didn’t knew that I was so famous and that to between girls. Then I thought that she would also say ‘Chris it’s not your destiny  ...’ at all those manly voices and all that freaky stuff but irrelevant to that she said with a grin, “I saw you being scolded by the owner of the Hams”
 “Ya it’s my daily routine to begin the day with a scold and end up with a scold” I said.
 “So, where are you both going” asked Coretta.
 “We don’t kno…” Robert was saying but I interrupted, “it’s… that way” pointing towards the mid way of Grimm Street. “Do you know where exactly are we going?” Robert whispered in my ears.
 “Ya, it could be ‘The Grimm Park, where I saw the same guy that we’d saw in our dreams” I whispered too. 
“So, we need to move” asked he. “Yup” I replied.   
Until this time Bob started rapping with no lyrics except “Baab b ba Baab b ba Baab”.
“Hey Chris, have you studied from like ‘Oxford’ or ‘Cambridge’?” asked Kelly.
 “If I would have studied in Oxford or the Cambridge I would not sell Hams, do I look like a book-bug?” I said looks like she was also not familiar for talking with friends.
 “A kind of” said Coretta very politely. “Was this a compliment or a  ...” 
“It’s on you how to take it on yourself” she replied.
I thought that they were really serious but after a moment they started laughing and even I was laughing at myself.
“So where do you live?” I asked her “I live at a shop: Wardrobe”.  
I said, “What a coincidence then! We all are living on our own” 
 “Yeah, maybe” said Coretta.
 “Excuse me, I fear that Bob doesn’t seems to earn and Kelly I guess must be raised up with her parents” said Robert.
“Hey, I too earn by selling flaas” Baab said. After thinking I got that he was saying flowers and then I told everyone, “Flowers”.
“Uham….. Where in heaven do you grow them” said Coretta with a query, rather a doubt on silly and stupid Baab.
“I plack (pluck) them up from gardens in 12 at midnight without the fear of being caught and sell them the same day. 
“At least than someone among us is fortunate having parents”
 “Nope, I am raised up with my uncle and aunt” yelled Kelly. 
 “Anyways then, let’s go” I said moving my gaze towards Robert followed by my head. 
“So, where are you both going” I asked.
“You won’t get it even We haven’t got it perfectly” she said. 
And all of a sudden the old man appeared out of nowhere and he said “So finaly you all are here. I’m afraid that you all have the same destination so find it before the time runs out” every one except Bob shouted “I saw the same guy in my dreams” pointing towards him.
“I just knew he wasn’t a chosen one” said Kelly with a world of satisfaction and even more confidence
“He mentioned all of us are here and that includes Bob” “He also might have been a chosen one, what do you say?”said Robert.
 And then a pin drop silence could be felt .And then Baab said “Sorry guys I forgot my dream but it’s not my fault as who remembers his dream after a thrilling day”
 Everyone raised their hands .Until this time the Man vanished into thin air. So everyone started searching for “The destiny” or of sorts.

  When everyone else was searching path towards sorts of ‘destiny’ thing (which I don’t believe actually) I found something missing which was troubling me as it was really important for me but had not been present the time. It thought with a keen concentration and I sat down and thought of banging my head because it was troubling me.
Soon the bright sunlight distressed my eyes and a tangy orange and its son with a human face started roaming in my head, I know it’s sort of weird. With a black background it seemed like the orange was a planet and it rotated with its moon in an orbit and soon its son was parallel to it I found it it’s Bob oops ‘Baab’.
I started punching in air and suddenly by mistake anyone grabbed my hand and twisted my wrist which gave me agony, I looked forward and found that it was Robert who was asking me “Where’s bob?”
First of all holding my hand he gave me huge amount of pain and then asking ‘where’s bob’ giving me more pain as I was thinking that for a long time with keen concentration and still he knew before me.
     I couldn’t speak a word due to agony so, I pointed my hand as he grabbed it and I wanted him to leave it .When he looked at my expression and finger he looked at what he has done of my hand as he was unaware of it.
He said “Oops!! Reflexes” leaving my hand and said “I am really sorry, Chris”. 
“Anyways, where is Bob?” I asked him. 
“Umm…” Robert thought a while and said, “He might have gone home” 
 “Well, who cares for that pitchy, stinky thief?” Kelly said recklessly with a world of attitude and extreme dislike for Bob.
“When you won’t get food for days then you would also turn into a thief and moreover, he is not pitchy and stinky” replied Robert in a heated way.
“Why have you started to quarrel?” said Coretta.
 “First of all we should find where to go as it’s gonna be dark and we won’t be able to find anything so we should hurry up”.
“It’s more important for me to find Bob instead of any other things” said Robert who was really worried about Bob
Kelly said, “Ok, so you’ll find Bob and we’ll find the way” “Tell me when you find him”.
  After a while searching Robert shouted “I found something” pointing to sleeping bag hanged between two trees.
 “Hey here’s something”
 Kelly actually didn’t take notice of Robert’s call as she was far-off from him. And only I and Coretta went to him.
“A sleeping bag” Coretta uttered
“Yes and Bob’s ring, he told me that it’s the only thing his parent’s left as a memory for him and I don’t think he would leave it here” Robert said pointing to a ring fallen below the sleeping bag.
“I say” said Coretta. 
And as anyone could speak a word, Kelly came here hastening and as she mightn’t knew about the sleeping bag and the ring, she was wager to see what’s behind Me, Robert and Coretta so she shoved me and Robert to observe what were we hiding from her vision and as she did so, her leg tripped off the meadow and she hopped over the sleeping bag and she was gone. She disappeared as she poked inside the sleeping bag. 
“What! She just disappeared” screamed Coretta pointing to the place where Kelly was few seconds before. “But… but that’s not possible how someone can disappear” I yelled as I was a bit frightened too.
“Kelly, can you here me?” Robert shouted in the sleeping bag.
“Ya, it’s dark here, I couldn’t see anything and there’s Bob with me too” an echoed and fainted voice deep inside from the sleeping bag came into subsistence.  
Everyone now became aware. “The same might have happened with Bob” said Robert and he picked up the ring. 
“It’s really scary down here and I am very frightened too, help me! Help me!” I heard the faint cry of Kelly begging for help.
“I am going down and see what’s there” said Robert and jumped and he was gone too.  
 “Let’s go down too” I suggested Coretta
“Ya I think that too” 
“Let’s move then” I said and we jumped into the sleeping bag holding our hands.   
    It was like a trapdoor or like a tunnel which dropped to a non laminated floor, it was a sudden silence when I entered it and nothing was visible “Are all of us down here?” I asked.
“Yes we all are here” replied Kelly.
“Let’s explore this chamber” suggested Bob who didn’t seemed to be frightened at all.
“No way” Coretta said, “The old man have said us to find our destiny”
“But I don’t think there would be any destiny maybe everything would just be a prank” yelled Kelly
“But what about our dreams, how could many people get the same dream?” I said “Don’t you think it’s weird!” 
“We’ll decide that later but can anyone tell me how to get up” Robert asked
“Umm… maybe we’ll get our destiny in this tunnel” said Bob
“Bob, it’s not a fairy tale this happens in stories not in real life” Kelly said 
“But I think Bob’s right because now this is happening to our lives” “And we don’t have any other way so we should tread forward” 
And as we stepped a little forwards a bright light starred to our eyes and we fell off to a floor. And as we opened our eyes a same question arose in everyone’s mind, “Where we are?” 
I looked forward to small feet with no toes and a pink pork skinned creature and when I gazed to him with my big bulgy eyes widely open I saw a short statured creature with his face concealed with a slender and pointed hat with a thick shiny coat with buttons hidden with shiny border and long narrow poncho a jack cape as long as the hair of rapunzel and a porky feet. Behind him were a campfire and a warm and cozy room made of fine exposed grey bricks.
  As soon as I could ask him why are we all here he held the tip of its hat and lifted it and “Who are you children, well anyways welcome to this miraculous world of real enlightment”. He raised his hand up and with a sudden reaction a scroll moved from no where flying to his fingers, he caught and opened the scroll and started reading.
“So, you all are newly arrived to this place” he said
“Chris Hawkins,
Roberto Robins, nice name,
Baab Baablinto,
Kelly Robins and 
Coretta Hawkins. As perfect as the shape of Razardzing’s tail for take-off” “Brothers and sisters huh” he again said 
Listening to our jumbled names not mine we started grinning and when he looked towards us we stopped laughing and replied all together “It’s a bit mistaken”.
“I am Chris Hawkins, and they are, Kelly Robins, Coretta Woods and Bob Barlinto, Robert Jo…….”
          And bob again interrupted saying “Hey you’re the first one to spell my name correct but you told baablinto, means you spelled it wrong, but it’s cool”. The man with porky feet was perplexed too thinking that how could wrong become cool but then he rushed out of thoughts and shouted to nobody, “Who wrote it”. Then after a moment or two a stupid looking boy entered the room came inside with head bowed and said, “Professor I wrote it as per Professor Hazorburg’s enlistment” “Is something wrong in this? Professor” he asked 
“You should have asked that is any thing right in this, well leave” This confirmed that he is stupid.
“But actually, where are we?” I asked. 
“Oh! I just forgot to introduce you to this place, this a the world of Unexpected stuff named Orkbridge any thing can happen here even though Hams dough could be gold and can be cooked to obtain platinum and ham could wear blue spectacles, give a warm smile, dance with beach picnic shirt and shorts and even carry a bag pack!!!”
“Uham….though the dough is gold and ham is platinum it could not stop me from eating it even if it has a new look like a human and trying to stay out of its categories I would still hunt it” said Baab with a steady voice for the first time (As now it has turn to a suppose of human Bob can’t eat it as a Ham and has to hunt it)” 
Baab’s endless chain of silly thoughts could even turn a normal person all the way to become a skeleton of it self.
 The medviel spoke “And now coming to another same 50 years old line that’s- In order to live in the grooming world of dangers roaming on the world, you need your guardians who are friendly to you but deadly to your foes which are “Beasts”. As you cannot bear the power of your “Beast” we need to keep your Beasts in a divine relic called the ‘poltergiest’ that is made to resist a whole lot more than the energy of a single Beast. 
“So here they are…e” he told then he gave us all locket that were shining grayish and had golden thread which was sober looking and the green stone inside the cover could be seen from holes of Poltergeist.  
  “Let me introduce myself, I am one of the member of this place and my name’s medviel John Linen”. “Are we going to stay here” asked Bob. “What do you do here” asked Bob. “We give home to them to don’t have homes and do have some capability to serve the humanity, only those know this place who are called and the others don’t know ‘bout this place” said Professor John linen. 
“So tell me the one thing you’ll want to get from where you’ve came” said Professor Linen.
“I want to get my ukulele, it’s kept in my house” said Kelly.
“I want my ring that slipped of from my finger somewhere in the earth I even don’t know, but I wanted to get that back” said Bob
“I want to get back  
“But why are we here?” “Are we going to stay here” asked Robert .Your wish, now let me show you your rooms if you want to live here, now come forward children and follow me” said Professor John linen .We dawdled to him .He budged his hands in a spiral pattern and with flaps of air a big portal opened in air with corners of red flames .It was pulling us in like vacuum .Our clothes bellowed in air and he shouted ‘come on’.
We entered that portal and landed up in a forest type of area with small colorful mushrooms.  There were canopies not allowing light to enter so it was dark. The area had lens flares occurring when two types of lighting conditions occur. It was a moist atmosphere and the fragrance of very fresh herbs and peace was all over the area. Kelly told “you were showing us our rooms”. “Yes, there they are Mush-rooms”. “Are we gonna stay here!!! My leg couldn’t even fit in it” said Bob. “You just step” the Medviel said with a stead voice .Coretta went near it and hurled the curtain at the mush and step to it. 
   And pure silence yearned my ears and her faced was visible out the curtain she shouted “come in its very big heeya and you guys would be dumfounded I’ve planned to stay here and I am sure you would also”. 
“I’ve thought that you guys would live here forever and this is your school where you will learn magic and develop this place” said John linen. “Really, but we don’t have money to pay the fees for the education sir” I asked. 
“Fee, you will get 200 caliphers per session and extras for noble work too” replied the medviel. I thought that he doesn’t know about Fee so I said “Sir, so we don’t need to pay you anything for staying and education” “No, it’s free and here you get the money in spite of paying.
 “Okay so now go inside the mush” said Robert. When I got inside, it was a huge hall with dry and clean wooden flooring from the finest wood from oak and had golden lights from a chandelier reflecting to the floor and other objects. There were five spongy beds one after another on the left with white, soft cotton bed sheets and blanket of white opalescent color and a round white colored table with five wooden chairs and at the right side. There were small tables on right sides of every bed with a lamp, a newspaper and two cupboards. 
 Then professor said, “Have your seatsties and let me have my ‘Lumpy Rockastie’ ”
“Ohh! It uhh….Ok” I said with a compromising expression
He whistled and jumped as a clumsy child and got on and rocking chair
“Ladies and gentlemen please catch up those ‘sties’” he said with a hand at rest and the other pointing to the five seats”
We sat and he started to speak- 
“So, as you have came here and decided to live here too let me tell you about this place” said Professor John, he continued “This world is all about learning, exploring and developing magic in ourselves”
“Okay” we said followed by Kelly.
“Gregor Hazorburg who is the Head master of this place chooses place from all over the world and bring up here, he also take care that no negativity around here….” 
“Can we return to earth with these powers?” I asked to Professor John. “Ya, you can but you’ll forget this place, forget magic and could never return back here again” replied Professor John with a little smirk.
“You all will get your beasts Morales and you have to preserve them till you stay here because it stores each and every magic trick and memory that you’ve learnt and if you lost it you can’t perform magic and also will be vanishing from this place!” said Linen. 
“And don’t forget to have a look at the newspaper and calendar every morning. It’s late now and you all should take rest as tomorrow is a grand Carnival and you shouldn’t miss it” he said.                                                                                      
   “And…a .How can I forget that,” Linen said “Think of an ideal pillow that you want to make your buddy”
“Pillow a buddy? Isn’t it a little weird?” asked Robert. 
And after a while thinking Coretta spoke “Okay so I want mine to be lullaby pillow which would give me 100% comfort” and a pink pillow fell on her bed from air.
“Mine would be….e a boasting pillow who would talk good ‘bout me” said Kelly moving her face up and then down making a decision and then a pillow fell on her bed.
“Hey! I want a mischievous one” bob broke out.
“Okaay” said Linen and a green pillow appeared on Bob’s bed 
 “I would like to have a ‘boxer’ type of pillow whom I can punch and who can also guide me in my skills” said Robert with the arrival of a red pillow on his bed. 
“I want a frankly talking pillow with who I could share my thoughts and every thing with” I said raising my shoulders up.
“Different” Linen said with a pause and my pillow which was orange in color emerged on my bed.
“Okay so have a nice sleep and don’t let the Crookes bite” He said 
While he was leaving our mush I shouted “Sir!” 
“Yes, Chris?” he asked
“Thanks for everything” I said as I wanted to say it before but it was perfect time to spell it out. A smile came on his face and he said “Good night” and saying this He left.  
“Don’t you think, every thing just changed too fast?” asked Kelly 
“Ya and now we would live a pleasurable and fantastic life” I said 
“It’s so awesome! I can’t believe its real” said Coretta with eyes widely opened and eyeball stretched with awe.
“I am really tired and today I am going to sleep with pleasure”
“But how can you sleep?” asked Baab 
“Like this” and saying this Robert jumped into his bed, grabbed his blanket and slept.
“Oh! Here it is” Bob said gazing at a tiny pot. Then Bob took out a tiny plant from his back-pocket with two leaves and was about 3 to 4 inch long. It was planted into a small sachet of soil positioned in a little plastic sack. He opened the plastic sack and decanted all the mud into the pot and planted the plant to it and kept the pot on the table near to his bed. “You would like it more” Bob said to that plant as he was its guardian. 
“You know he is my best friend” said Bob
“Cool” I replied.
“So good night” I said and went to sleep.
“Good night” said Kelly followed by Bob and Coretta. 
And after an exciting day we all slept. The whole night I was thinking that ‘Is this real?’ or ‘Am I really supposed to be here’.

  I woke up earlier than others somehow, and walked up to the washroom to fresh’n up. My body was in a state of passive consciousness when I opened the mahogany door, I saw some brushes with hands and all were seemed to be very tired with two of them sleeping on top of each other and the other ones were probably more tired sleeping with absolute no signs of consciousness and two of them had their mouths opened. I drew my tired legs towards them and then when I had just entered, there was a metal ball, all it had was the brushes with toothpaste, a box of toothpick and a pack of flaks.
Golden toothbrush that was below the ‘Dark Blue’ one, sprung out and the other one who was above him was thrown apart and had itself suddenly drawn out from sleep in a vigorous manner.
 The golden brush was thick from centre, actually broad as it’s just a brush and had four limbs with brushes instead of palms and had movable joints like human hands with tattoo sorts of designs 
  He asked, “Are you Chris?” .I replied, “Yes, but how do you know?”
“Umm…probably because I belong to you”
“Ok, so you’re my toothbrush… right?” I said and he interrupted “Oh…please have me a name?” 
“Any cool, fantastic, elegant and dazzling name for me” that sounded the dawn of reverence .The brush took out a toothpick that seemed tremendous as it stood up with an arm lifted up like holding the toothpick as an imaginary but mighty sword and one leg kept forward up on too a toothpaste which seemed that he had won victory upon that poor toothpaste and got the cave of Superman considering his imaginary mightiness and color I named it ‘Golden Blaze’.
    I ought to pick him up but it hit my hand and said “Why are you picking me up?? Leave me!!” .It jumped and caught my chin that lowered and opened my mouth with its thin arms and began chafing my teeth with his brush on his tender. 
   It was really a great experience being brushed with an automated dancing brush. I tried to say “its co…”
But he interrupted “Keep ...your mouth shut or else I would fall down!” And after a while he said “You are done with your brushing now you can rinse up your mouth” he said.
“Okaaay” I said and opened the tap and rinsed my mouth and used flax subsequent to it. “Thanks blaze” I said. “Always, before you buddy” He said with bending over. 
    Subsequently, I left the washroom and went to see others. I saw a small and tiny elf holding a big hammer which was about the same size of the hammer of a judge. He dashed towards Kelly’s bed, jumped and hit her hard with the hammer on her head, making a thud and a slight green mist rushing out of his sledge hammer, “Whoa!” Kelly yelled and woke up steadily seeing both sides that who’s the slayer of her nap and then yawned, rubbed her eyes and then widened out both her hands.
Followed by that, the elf pounced to Robert’s bed to wake him up. The elf had just struck him up but suddenly when the hammer was in air as Robert caught it even at the dawn’s grogginess. The elf didn’t noticed Robert catching his hammer and had thought that he had his work was done and so it jumped up to the next one who was bob and when he was in air he realized that it didn’t had the sledge hammer and was going to hit Bob with nothing and when he was going to land, bob rolled up and his pillow shouted “BANG!!!” the poor elf fell down and I had another imprisoned feeling of laughter that I couldn’t express and pretended to blow my nose to hide the grins .The elf became very melancholy and sauntered .
 He wandered with deliberate steps to Robert with a scowling face to take back his hammer and it looked very awkward and funny as well; and then stopped beside Robert’s bed and said nothing just stretched his hand which wasn’t stretched for a bond of friendship but for his owns. Then despite not waking to Coretta he went back with pure desperation, I felt sorry for him, anyways then Coretta also woke up.
“Good morning” I spoke laying my back at the wall which was beside the mirror. “Mornin’ ” replied Kelly rubbing her eyes.
“So what’s the plan for today?” asked Kelly.
“The carnival, Professor Linen had already informed us” I said. “Let me ask Blaze-boy” 
“Who’s he?” she asked “A Warrior Material” I replied. 
“You made a new friend on the very first morning!” she asked with a sign of exclamation on her face.
“Ya and I am sure you would also make one in the early hours of this morning” I said with a smile. Then I went inside the washroom to ask Blaze boy where I saw Coretta brushing.                               
 “Don’t speak a word if you don’t want your toothbrush to fall down” I alerted Coretta who was standing straight and had her mouth widely opened for its servicing.
“Blaze” I said loudly standing right to Coretta and Blaze came to me jumping and he asked “Ya Buddy?” 
“How do we get to the Carnival today?” I asked him and he replied, “On foot I guess everyone here’s a pedestrian, isn’t it?” this illogical pun made me so embarrassed “And have you had your breakfast?” “No” I replied 
“Well then, its right in the fridge” it foretold “Okay” I said “OK, Thanks” I said “Never to be mentioned” it said and lifted his right leg and turned around stomping his right leg and ended up with a fall. “Just forget this had ever happened” it yelled after getting up.   
 
I went to open the fridge and said “Let’s see, what’s in here” .We had breads-jam, bread-butter, hams, coffee, juice, boiled eggs and roasted pepper-stake. There were labels written on each food to which they belong. “Let me take it out” I said and I bent myself down to the fridge stack and took out 2 coffee-cups, milk, boiled eggs, bread with jam spread on it.
“Ham’s faa (for) me” Bob said feeling excited “The food’s delicious” said Kelly who had Bread and Jam. “Yes, eggs are great and black pepper works so delicious with lightly roasted stake, it’s just too awesome” said Robert having Boiled eggs and stake. After having my toast I took my cup of coffee and said “Coffee’s still hot even though it was kept in the fridge”. “Ya its hot, strong and perfect coffee” said Coretta drinking the coffee. 

“Bread-jam, Coffee-ham,
 Juice and eggs are tasty,
 I hope for dinner,
 It would be a pastry” sang Bob and it was really a cool one, so we sang it together again and had our breakfast. 

“Let’s get ready or else we would be late” said Coretta.
“Ya sure” I replied. “Have they had our garments prepared as well?” said Kelly who was behind the opened door of the wooden wardrobe. It was huge and was 5 storied and a parchment in which our names were written and the parchment stick on the thickness of every slab. The uppermost slab belonged to Robert; second one for me, third was for Coretta, fourth for Kelly and the bottom most for bob. Dresses were kept above every slab.
Robert took out his set of clothes and a short sticky note out of a black blazer with ‘Welda’s choice’. “Who’s Welda?” asked Robert with the cloth hung at his hand and the parchment-note between the thumb and ring finger. 
“Hey!! Robert” said Kelly. Robert nodded and asked, “Aren’t you fully clad till yet?” said Robert with a very slow and calm say-so. “No, I was presently looking around” said Kelly. 
“Sure were you, ha” replied Robert with a very false laughter and absolute null howl. Then Kelly turned around and strode towards her wardrobe. Robert took out a pale white shirt and indigo colored trousers. I had a green half-coat with the same sticky note, a plain white shirt, a bow-tie and black pants. Bob had a blue coat and blue T-shirt with trousers. “Great” said Robert “Ya I’ve never wore those clothes before” I said. “Would you help me wear it?” asked Bob. “Ya sure” said Robert smiling at him.

“It’s a great dress” said Kelly and Coretta both at chorus after seeing at their garbs. “I couldn’t wait to wear it” said Kelly and went to wear her dress. “I too couldn’t wait” said Coretta and was waiting for Kelly to come out. 
After I had my Bath, I saw every changed their clothes. “You look rather dashing” Kelly said to Robert and after a moment of complete silence and an absolutely zero expressions Kelly laughed “Hah! Hah! Ha-ha-ha-ha” “Look at your face” said Kelly pointing Robert’s face.
“But how ca…can I look at my own face?” asked Robert. “How am I looking?” asked Bob who actually was looking great at his outfit. “Great” replied Kelly and Coretta followed by her.  Coretta took the most time to change. “You are looking great” replied Coretta “Ohh, Boyie!” shouted Robert with whistle most likely teasing me about talking to Coretta and then began to tie up his shoe-lace. “Let’s move then” said Robert after tying it and then we wore our foot wears and departed the gate.  
  So, now it was time to explore the magical world of Orkbridge, meet Witches, wizards, sorcerers, Medviels and other strange people who’ve ate Orkbridge’s salt.
 
After walking by the mush-area we finally reached the exit which had a curve board, written ‘Orkbridge’. 
And at its side was a round sponge furred creature with big red eyes covering most of his face with two antennas and white pupil and very short leg with violet shoes, all we thought was it could be a cute monster which was really friendly as it came jumping towards us and it stood still and spoke up with adorably sweet tone, 
“Aaloo, mushies numbers 12, I is Gillette Gilto, you’se fertile welgone inside this bay” (For those who are reading this right now, the correct sentence was “Hello, mushies number 12, I’m Gillette Gilto, you’re further welcomed into this way”   pointing towards the pebble boulevard. 
“Is it a c-o-d-e or what?” asked Baab. 
“No I is dust leaping you’se luggage” it was so confusing that we had an extremely and absolute hushed and frozen face with a squeezed left eye which was popping within a flash. 
Suddenly another Gilto sprang from the water and said “He is saying, No I am just learning yours language”
Then it was clear that he was a complete dumb butt. Then they strode their own way making a queue and singing, 
“We are strident Giltoes; we trot with small toes, 
Always happy and full of joy; no variation at girl or boy”                               
 “They are so cute” said Kelly.
“I want one in our mush” said Coretta subsequently.
We then treaded to the pebble boulevard and further a lantern timber-board with some arrow signs that made us sure about the path. And so we moved further according to the arrow sign which led us to the carnival, we then saw that there were several tiny creatures on the path which were only about a shoe’s height, that had two wings, a beak and two eyes but they didn’t talk as well as were just standing idle. 
“It’s cool they develop the shape of 9 when rotated once, 5 when twice, 8 when rotated thrice, ha-ha!” exclaimed Bob picking up that creature.
Coretta subsequently said, “Hey, these are called pappilums”. “These are Orkbridge’s natives and they boast a streamlined body figure and contain a good knowledge of aerodynamics, their fleece is made up of a fiber called zeol which is found in the deep parts of Relegemi forest,” 
“What in the heaven is she trying to speak” sounded a whisper from behind.
 And again I continued to listen “They have no bones but a strong body that can elevate up to 10 people at a time with absolute no trouble, they feed on a crop called fragon, which I have in a minced form in my bag-pack, we have to drop it of and jump to get airborne” ended up Coretta catching up her breath and spoke the whole to no one or might everyone.  
“What were you saying and where in the heaven did you got to know about all that stuff?” asked Robert.
“Didn’t you read that guide to Orkbridge, huh?” asked Coretta
“No!” was the answer from every one of us.
  “It was mandatory for every new onsets to read, it contained information about the creatures of Orkbridge, types of magical arts and many more important stuff too” yelled Coretta
“Jump on the count of three!” said Coretta 
“So, are you guys ready?”
“We are born ready” said Robert 
“Hey, nice to meet you guys I am born lazy” said a boy of average height wearing a blue-shirt and a brown coat and jeans. He had long brown hairs covering most of his face and his semi-closed eyes seemed that he had been forced to wake 2 in the morning and told to study. 
“Hey, are you from the born family?” asked Coretta to the boy.
“Yes” replied the boy
“It’s a real pleasure to meet you, but oops we aren’t from ‘Born’ family” said Coretta elevating her shoulders up a bit and nodding her head with ‘Sorry bro’ kind of expression. 
“Oh…k” said that boy making a ‘no problem’ sort of face and went away.
“Can you just explain me what just…” “Wait Robert, stop and let Coretta continue or else she won’t stop” whispered Kelly in Roberts ears. 
“What?” asked Coretta?
“Ohh... it’s just, uh... nothing” said Kelly. “I think that she had eaten up an energetic potion or an excitement potion maybe” Robert whispered me and I ended up with a short smile.
   Then Coretta sprinkled some powder from the sachet which she had and then said “1…2…3 and jump!”
We all jumped and those creatures had themselves under our feet and grabbed our feet, it was awesome to ride on them as they set us flying and they were very cool too. She cried “It’s amazing you also try but it’s a bit difficult to handle them but they are awesome”.
 Then one-by-one we all  did the same and it was terrible but amazing experience for everyone especially Bob as he rode them upside-down with his hairs hanging and his face full of desperation and it was found difficult for him to handle them as he jumped on the count of 2.
     And after that we had a way laid up with pebbles at the ends and planks of cylindrical round wood with green glittery vines lapped around it were lying parallel to each other at the end of the boulevard. There was water on either sides of the lane. The way was divided from the middle into two halves with a black stripped bricks and with it was an attached diamond shaped area with pale white rhombus spot which was inside an orange colored rhombus which was inside the diamond shaped path with an orb held at the center which shone brightly.
This figure was just like a riddle which took me about 20 minutes to understand and another 20 minutes to explain to others although Bob was still confused. Then following to the front trail we made it to the ‘Main gate of ORKBRIDGE’. 
“We are close to the festival” I said.
“Yes and aam gonna eat!!!” cried Bob 
  The main gate was big and arched. It was made up of brass which shone brightly and gave a glance of brown flush. It had a giant clock with only the dial and no numbers. The gate was broad enough having aptitude of passing about 20 people at a time .The edges of pillars had arched windows each coated with silver filigree by which it look as if that there were rooms inside the windows.
We all passed through the gate following the lane of the pebble Boulevard and we saw a glass orb on top of the clock and had a golden colored holder for it. It appeared like a glass egg and had some mist that was suspended in it. I would rather prefer for a sentinel or a gatekeeper to complete the whole scene.
 Soon after a moment, a pale blue wave flashed from the sky that started from me and ended very quickly ended up with a flare of healthy and rich silence. 
“Whoa!” exclaimed Coretta and Kelly at one. After the end of the wave some professors and children of different ages were to be seen and the valley turned green with bushes, trees and grass. The sound of wind ruffling the grass was heard and the whole scenario changed at once. An immense pond appeared at the center whose embankments were made of marble and had high springs of very clear water. At the either side many wooden houses become visible and a sight of a healthy village could be felt. 
Small heighted creatures came into existence, which were the medviels of course. Some of these medviels seemed to be pretty wicked, having a horrid voice which could be heard when they shouted to the fellow young ones. Very small medviels were also to be seen playing with there friends, all filled with joy and glee. The valley was also lined with rows of different shops – Sweets, garments etc. 
Onto our front was a gigantic castle (as you can imagine a castle made from grey bricks and have slender pointed towers) and on its side was a great courtyard.   

We moved forwards on the same lane going to the big courtyard .Many well dressed medviels, students and professors were walking off towards it. 
“I think we’ve got to the threshold” I said.
“Yes I too think that this is the carnival” said Kelly. 
“Yes, I am thinking that too but I’m wondering how to get off this thing!” exclaimed Robert who now wasn’t enjoying the Ariel-ride very much.
 He continued, “Coretta might know, mightn’t she”
“But, I-I too don’t remember” said Coretta
“Hey guys look heeya, aam going down and down every second” yelled Bob who was moving down towards the boy every second and soon we realized that we were going down too! And automatically we landed near the entrance of the courtyard. 
“Thank you” we said to the pappilums and I don’t know whether they listened to our thanks or not but taking no time they flied away.
“See! There are no pappilums here, how are we going back, and I don’t think that we’d be walking down to our mushes” said Kelly
“We’ll manage that later let’s now move to the carnival and enjoy” suggested Robert.
“Right” we nodded followed by Kelly.  
We moved forwards to the entrance where stood a boy who was standing beside a warm and bright lamp-post. He was rather a tall boy who wore a white shirt and dark green coat with black trousers; he had silken-swished golden hairs.
 “Are you folks new?” he asked
 “Yes, we arrived here yesterday” I replied. He bowed a little and said “Welcome Oarkians, (students of Orkbridge are said Oarkians) today is the 79th carnival of Orkbridge; go and enjoy!”  We strode forward and then fore passed an entrance with royal decoration and an immense hall which had brick walls and no roof at the top. It had many round table containing about 6 to 7 chairs in each and at the very right and left corners had stalls of foods and drinks etc and  there was a big stage on our very front in the courtyard.
    We moved forward to the huge crowd consisting of students some big some small, medviels, Professors etc, who were all having their feast, drinks and were enjoying talking with each other. 
“It’s awesome here right, let’s have a seat?” asked Kelly
“See there, Professor Linen, let’s meet him up first” said Robert pointing towards professor Linen who was talking to an old guy wearing a grey garment with golden shawl on his shoulders and wooden stick with and orb on the top he seemed to be a magician or rather a sorcerer. We treaded forwards towards them and we spoke “Hello Sir!”
“Oh! Hello students you’ve arrived, I was rather thinking you’d faced any difficulty in between” said professor Linen. We smiled a little till he continued, “Well, meet our headmaster Professor Gregor Hazorburg”
“Hello sir” we all said.
“Hello students and welcome to this place, and I think you are the students just arrived yesterday on the beginning of this semester right” he said.
“Yes professor” replied I.
“Now I must leave as its time for the speech” he said.
“Sure sir” said Linen and Professor Hazorburg left, slowly letting his long grey garment swivel across the floor. He then stood up in the stage and said “hmm” to draw every one’s attention and after gaining that he started his speech-
“Good morning students, (“Good morning sir” students replied) And for those who don’t know me I am Gregor Hazerburg and I am proud to say that we have successfully completed 79 years of Orkbridge (“Whoa” shouts and claps of students was heard) and now as well we have some new arrivals to Orkbridge. Let me introduce you’ll about Orkbridge. This place is a place of magic and joy. We have 4 types of magical arts here that you might be or will be learning, they are – M.U.R.R.I.K.S (Magic With Unarmed Rights Resembling Integrated Kombat Skills), Psychic-hypothesis, Prima-heiximist and Toxico-denderous. We have Medviels that are the masters of these arts .And once in a semester we have a sport called Balle-kraft which would be held after 22 days from now.
This year Prof. John linen will instruct you Muriks, Prof. Christopher Carson will teach you Prima-heiximist, Prof. Ena Lana will teach you Toxico-denderous and Prof. Wits will teach you Psychic-hypothesis.
 You all have got your poltergeists in which you have your beast Morales, always keep them with you. You all will get 200 caliphers for your seasonal use and you can also get more for any dignified work. Today at the hours of darkness we have a Tin flying activity in which you can fly your tins with letters for anyone. And from tomorrow trials of each magical art would be held for new students in the school premises. Its the dawn of the revelry”.  
Sound of claps and applause was heard following to his speech. “Let’s enjoy” shouted Coretta and soon we found ourselves a round table with around six chairs we sat and started gossiping. 
 “Hello friends” said a boy with a flat tone, he continued, “Hey can I join you” 
“Ya why not”, replied Kelly.
 “Thanks, well I am Huskey and I was the one who wrote your name wrong” 
“So you were the one who made us brothers and sisters” 
“Ya it happens sometimes in a hurry” said Huskey and again continued “Well, I don’t like being with by mush mates they make fun of me which I don’t like” said Huskey. 
“Hello Huskey Aam Baab, she is Karetha, he is Khrees, she is Khely and he is Raberth” said bob pointing all of us one by one. 
“Hmm…” stroke a voice in our ears and then we turned back.
“Students now we would have a show here on the stage so I request you to please pay consideration” announced a girl standing on the stage. 
 “So we start by having amongst us, Roger Shoester of M.U.R.I.K.S, Chrich Jerkbox of Prima heiximist, JACK of Psychic-Hypothesis and Charlotte Hunk of Toxico-denderous. They will be showing their skills, may we have a huge round of applause for them”.
 Voices of claps could be heard and the show started. 
Roger Shoester jumped far above the ground and prepared a fire ball beneath his both the palms and then he released it to another boy Chrich who was standing on the stage and when the fireball came very close to Chrich then Chrich suddenly made a portal in front of his thorax and sucked the fireball inside it.
“Whoa” shouted many students and huge round of claps and applauses was heard.
Then Chrich Jerkbox jumped up into air and opened the same portal releasing the fireball which he’d been trapped for seconds, then a boy named J.A.C.K turned the fireball into a flat sheet of fire in the air through his eyes which turned blue and lettered the sheet ‘ORKBRIDGE’ by removing extra fire sheets .
And again voice of claps and applause was heard. Then it was Charlotte Hunk’s turn to perform. She trudged her hand back and front and discharged some green mist into the air which enfolded whole of the flame and kept it hanging in the air.
“It’s awesome” yelled Baab and many other students too.
“When would we be able to perform like them?” asked Robert from Huskey.
“These are 8th graders and at least it would take 4-5 semesters to perform a quarter like them”
“O…kay” said Robert slowly budging his head up and down slowly.
  “Its awesome right” said Coretta. 
“Ya I am so excited to learn those magical arts” said Kelly. 
“I want to become like Roger he was dazzling” said Robert “I like Jerkbox he was cool too making portals” I said and that time bob started talking with Huskey.
“Any other student wants to come on the stage and show up his talent?” asked the announcer
“Kelly I think you should go and give up a guitar performance on the stage” suggested Robert.
“Ya, but I don’t have my guitar right now” said Kelly.
“One of my mush-mate does have a guitar, let me ask him whether he has it right now or not” said Huskey and went to another set of students to ask a guitar and luckily he came back holding a guitar and said, “Here it is”
Kelly took the guitar; hit some of the strings and then she rose up her left hand. “There’s a girl who wants to show her talent” she took a pause and again continued “Let’s welcome her with a huge round of applause” Kelly was a bit nervous when she stood up and started walking towards the stage. “Best of luck” we yelled to Kelly. Then she moved up on the stage sat on a chair and started playing the guitar and singing “The sun’s shining and I…” and she continued her song. “I say, it’s a fabulous performance” said Coretta 
And after she ended the announcer yelled “Give a huge round of applause for the cute little girl” (actually both the adjectives cute and little didn’t suited Kelly.) Everyone clapped for her and then she returned back to us.
“Was the performance good, actually I took some of the wrong chords while playing it” said Kelly in whisper though no one was noticing her.
“It was fabulous” I said because it really was.
“Right it was awesome I loved it” said Robert and one by one Coretta and Bob also applauded her.
After Kelly many more students came on the stage and gave their performances. And after the end of all the performances the announcer said, “Children you are requested to report near the embankments of Lake Guiltone in fifteen minutes we have to start the activity of the tin on the wing”
“Let’s move then” said Coretta and by following the way of some other students we went to the lake guiltone .It was a huge shining lake with very clear water and fishes were also seen inside the stream.  
After every student reported a medviel named Fred Sazar shouted “Children please take your tins from there (pointing towards the tin counter) and write your wish to the greater god ‘BROKRIDGE’ to make your wishes come true and don’t tell your secrets to anyone or else I couldn’t come true” .We all took our tins and wrote our wishes in a piece of paper and lit the tin from the bottom any it flew away .I was feeling the best day of my life. “What I had sent was an undisclosed secret and not to be revealed”. Moreover we had a fabulous and exciting day and were lulled into slumber.  

As far as I remember I woke up a little late than usual. I started my day with a yawn and then stood up, and then said to Mr. Pills, “Wakey-Wakey Mister Pills” and notice that things haven’t quite gone well so I tried again, “Rise ’n Shine Mister Pills” and again turned out to be less useful than ever and now as far as deep sleep’s concern, Mr. Pills never had to be waken up. Looking at his face I observed a brief playful smile upon his mouth. I knew he played me but in spite of just waking him I just had to settle the score.
After bit of thinking a nice plan struck my mind. I shouted, “Good morning Professor” and before its end another voice came, “Where… where, where’s professor…” he said standing in an attention position. (Well not actually in an attention position)  
“So you are up pills” I said to him cunningly. 
“Ya… but I did not deserve to be fooled by a green horn like you” he replied.     
After a while, we all woke up and then we went to brushing one by one and ate our food which was a little different then yesterdays.
“I am really very excited for today” said Coretta who was getting herself ready for the class.
“Me too” said Kelly.
“Today’s first class is Muriks? Right” asked Robert after a pause.
 In that time was too getting ready and was just listening to them. “Chris can you please pass me the map” Robert told me 
“Sure” I replied and picked up the map which was kept in the table next to me and passed it to Robert.
He took the map opened it and started saying on his own, “Here’s the castle…and on the second…the third room…okay” he ended up closing the map and again putting it over his bed.
“Let’s move or else we’d be late” said Robert.
“Ya, just tying my shoelace” said Bob who was sitting on his bed and was really trying hard to tie his shoelace. 
And as we all were ready we treaded off to the first class M.U.R.I.K.S. We covered the same path of pebble boulevard with pappilums and then to the small vile of medviels and finally to the grey castle which was very big from inside and you could see about 6-7 floors if you stand just the center if it. It had curved stairs to the upper floor and same to the lower one, Medviels and students were also to be seen.
Finally after striding along the long corridor which was really long we entered the third last room which was the Muriks class, (wish I had a hover board or something like that). Then after entering it was quiet un-expectable that everyone there was busy taking among them in spite of learning something. 
The class was big and was cornered by some cobwebs and the walls were bricked by chiseled red-sandstone. There were 3 to 4 book shelves at the very back of the class with thick books. There was a furnace which was giving warmth to the room .There was on bench for everyone to have a seat. I sat with Robert. Kelly sat with Coretta and Bob sat with Huskey.  
“What do you think would we learn for today’s class?” asked Robert
“I think a fireball or something” said Bob.
“Ya maybe” said Kelly from back.
Then the class started with the Medviel’s arrival. He stood inside the class and stood up to his chair. And then he started saying about the new thing which we have to learn and perform, ‘Pregenery’.
 He said “The Pregenery. It is the enlightment of the purity of your grace and a vow to the god about your compassion that you will show reverence to your determination about eternity which comes as a result to a pregen-balle that is exactly Pregenery”. Those words bought glitters to me though I wasn’t able to understand a bit of it.
“Now here is a bit of it”. The Medviel waved his hand in a peculiar motion and then took his hand back then a blazing ball appeared in his hand. The Medviel ducked and bashed the ball into the floor and it vanished with a blazing effect.
 The medviel did also show many other ways to perform Pregenery. Bob said “but these all are the same”. “And not too difficult we just have to wave our hand in the same motion and just… (No word after this sentence) and he punched on his right which banged and swelled Huskey’s eyeball and he fell along rolling towards the periphery of the class room.
 Then it came to bob’s oops Baab’s senses that he has to hide what he has done otherwise the first day of orkbridge could be his last one so he forcefully put Huskey under a bench where no one could spot him. Then a shout barged into my ears “Bob take that boy out from the bench and don’t try to hide him from me and can know everything happening here”. 
Listening to this each and every whisper came to rest and full attention could be felt and Bob took out Huskey from inside the bench who had a swelled eye with dark blue outline on it. He was unconscious too, Prof. Linen waved his hand and a green scatter came out from his hand which was ‘charm dust’ as I named it, which flee to Huskey’s cheek and then vanished into thin air and cured his swollen cheek and then swung his right hand that hit Bob and he was all over at the ground, sounds of chuckles and whispers could be heard from the right side of mine and guess what, it was the two girls chattering as they usually do. Huskey was stood all on his own that I’d rather not expect after looking at his swelled eye.
“Now I would like you students to show what you…” Linen was saying and the bell rang! 
 “I am feeling hungry after the class, let’s first have the lunch then we will be moving to the next class” said the hungry Baab.” “You have a sandwich that you took from the mush” said Kelly. “I ate it up before the class even started” “Even I am feeling hungry” said Robert. “Okay then, let’s go and have the lunch”. 
We moved forward towards the canteen walking through the red carpet on wooden floor and wooden walls on the sides. Then we saw a sign in which was written canteen and was an arrow, then we moved to it a saw that it was just a small box containing a medieval with an oven behind him, all we had to do was to write our orders which was none other than a ham. And after our lunch following the same corridor and some wooden stairs and reaching the next floor we got to the Toxico-denderous class with help of board signs.
 The best part was that all 3rd grade classrooms were identical and so were medviels except for dress up. 
The Toxico-denderous class was held by Medviel Ena Lana. “This would be going to be my favorite class” whispered Coretta. She came in and spoke “Silence please” because the class made very noise and this stated that she was really a strict teacher. 
“So class today we will be learning about Toxico-denderous, and the very basic moves of this interesting subject” said Madam Lana. She spoke, “So, Toxico-denderous is the use of toxic, venom, poison for offensive and defensive uses and you’d be taught to seek alive and escape from dangers of these dangers of nature”. 
She foretold us that the first move that we’d be going to learn was the ‘Venomous Mist’. “Hell yeah!!” shouted the whole class but I was rather thinking about which subject would be the best for me. There were 25 counts of benches and 35 students as per 1 session. We all sat together covering 3 consecutive benches. Bob sat again with Huskey, Kelly and Coretta sat together followed by me and Robert.
 Then the teacher illustrated the move ‘Venomous Mist” and started to flap her right hand in a circular motion and moved her left calmly upwards and then trudged both of her hands at a spiral and confusing pattern. And then she slowly moved her right on top of left and there was a green burn in a stick with green smoke coming out of it. Then she spoke with a calm voice, this was the ‘Venom mist’. So, ma’am called some students to perform, one of which was Coretta. She stepped up at front and did the exact same as illustrated by ma’am. And guess what, noting happened but, she tried again and again and failed again and again. 
“C’mon Coretta you can do it” we shouted and after a further more trials she finally did it, she was jumping with joy and excitement because of victory over the poor ‘Venom Mist’ and the bell rung.
Now we were said to go to our mushes get some rest and then go to the Library .We moved all the way through the same long corridor, passing through the same old signs we went to our mush. Everyone now was tired and so we all took a short nap and went to the library which was at the right of that Diamond shaped area. Nobody spoke a word at the way Except for Bob as he always Raps when he is bored ‘Baab b bab Baab b ba Baab Bab’ .We then reached to the doorway of library which just like a castle and had grills on it’s doors that sealed it up. There was a medviel in front of us which waved his hand and the door opened automatically. It was a floor up to reach us to library and we finally got to the library.
At the library everyone was told to find a book for themselves and then issue it and it would be vanished from them in 12 days and return back to its place at the shelf. Then we all started to find a book for ourselves. After a while searching I found a book for myself which was at shelf 18 and was rolled the 3 number. Its name was named as ‘The dark arts’. Bob came to me rushing and said “there are about 5000 book shelves and each has about 20 columns and each column contains about 6 to 7 books and each book contains minimum 500 pages so if I will start reading all of them from now it would take me more than 1290 years to complete”.
‘After Bob completed I started to think that how could Bob be so good in calculations.’ 
 “Bob you are said to read any one book” said Robert. “All the books here are so fat it seems like everyone had a sushi each and I can’t read even one of them “said bob.
    “Silence please let others read” shouted a lady professor who suddenly appeared on the side of Medviel with resentment expressions. Coretta came rushing to me holding a thick book, “Hey I’ve got this book ‘Toxic El bloom’. It was so thick that it made me sick, and I thought that she had gone a bit over enthusiastic about Toxico-denderous. 
And then after some minutes or so a boy asked ma’am, “Ma’am I was wondering about the creation of Orkbridge?”
“Oh.. Interesting, well it’s a long-long story,” she paused and continued “I’ll try to explain you in short”. This seemed to attract every student and this made us as well excited to learn about the creation of orkbridge. 
“I think the whole class seems interested… Okay then, come closer… and settle down”
She started “Long-long ago, there was a man named – ‘Brokridge’, now this man had the capability to wield magic! A trait only few can posses, Brokridge along with his  
was created by a man named Brokridge who came to this barren land and turned it into the royal Orkbridge by his magical powers.
After hearing this everyone gathered around her and she continued, “Long ago, there was a great man who had 4 friends with him which were-
  “First was a great pirate who sailed along the river Guillitone and with his 659 other Shipmates. Second was a boy who became a friend of Brokridge and tried to kill him by hoax and become a public figure for empowerment. A cursed girl with immense carnage in her blood .She used to unknowingly kill people, after many people calling her a ‘monster’ there was only one who wasn’t afraid of her and that was her self. Brokridge accumulate the massive energy at this place into 6 inestimable ancient entities” “Ting!!!—Tong!!!”
Ma’am was just going to tell us all but the bell rang.
As the teacher left, we all grouped up and started talking about the deep history of Orkbridge. Coretta said, “won’t it be interesting if we would have a book containing full history of Orkbridge’. Bob said, “Can’t you write yourself?” Coretta replied, “I’ll try”. Moving down towards the exit of library we finally left the library. After getting out Robert asked, “Which books you’ll have got forya?” “The dark ones” I replied; “Toxic ‘El’ bloom” said Coretta; “Mind blowing harmonies” said Kelly; “Grandma’s recipes” said Baab. “What book have you taken” said Kelly asking to Robert. “I took a book named ‘The game’” said Robert. The professor said, “Attention children, your next class would be Prima-Heiximist which will start after 30 minutes so move to the classroom by following arrow signs”.
We were walking slowly as it was an hour later and was the second last trial class. “Can we again go to the library to know about the history of Orkbridge because there would be at least one book which has it” said a girl. After it we looked at her and then she said “Namaste I am Pallavi Shrivastava”
“Hello” we said at chorus as we usually do. Then someone called her up and she said “Nice to meet you guys, Be-bye” she said and went up her friend. “See’ya” again at what you know “Kelly would you not play and show us your ukulele” “Ya sure” she said and again said “Hey Mrs. Ukulele” and an Ukulele dashed up to her left hand which she arose and she sat on the nearby bench on the street tower and started singing, “The sun’s shining and…..”. “You are awesome” said Robert. Even though I knew what he was trying to say but I said, “At singing”. Coretta and Baab started laughing and even Kelly was grinning a bit. She stared at me as if she was going to eat me, then (At my day dream I saw Kelly having a dagger that she stabbed me with and when I fell on the ground she threw me on the water and then Robert rewarding the championship belt to Kelly who was jumping with happiness). So I thought that I better be quite or this dream would turn into reality.
Then we started moving silent, maybe afraid of speaking just like me so no one speaks up their secrets except for Baab just stupidly rapping, “Baab b ba Baab b ba Baab Bab…….” Then we called our pappilums to reach us to Prima-heiximist class. Everyone whistled except for me because I called him with his name. So I shouted, “Pappi-lumous”. At flash it came in front of me and so did the other pappilums. Then with sometime we reached the Prima-Heiximist.
 We knew that our teacher for Prima-Heiximist would be Sir Christopher Carson. He entered the very noisy class room and suddenly a pin drop silence could be felt, the only thing that could be heard was the sound of Prof. Carson’s canvas shoes hitting the floor.
“Hello class, for those who don’t know me I am Christopher Carson and I am your Prima-Heiximist teacher for the whole session. So let’s begin with the very basics.” Prima-Heiximist is the accumulation of negativity in our atmosphere to use for our good, today we’ll learn portal opening. 
“Hey Erik take that dagger and throw on me” said Professor Carson pointing towards a tall heighted boy wearing a blur cap, a black T shirt and blue jeans. “Okay sir” he said .I thought that first he would argue but being straight simple and a little stupid he directly took the dagger and threw it straight towards the professor and luckily his shot was just going to hit professor but a little distance before the hit professor widely opened his arm and a black dense hole appeared in front of his chest and the dagger vanished and again that hole or say portal opened in front of the wall and the dagger came out from that portal and hit the wall and fell down. 
After this tremendous trick I finally knew that which would be my best topic. We all were openmouthed and looked at sir with our eyes widely. “I’ll figure it out” said a medium heighted boy with brown eyes and fair face and acted like really clever and much appreciated. He sat right behind me. 
Then sir spoke, “This was the simplest form of portal opening, rather fascinating would it be if you even know a bit of it” “But remember this, I have practiced it for several years so I could even dodge a dagger thrown at my thorax be anyone, but…but…but don’t try this yourself or you might hurt yourself”. 
Then a boy raised hand and said, “When would I be able to do this so perfectly?” “Well first of all nothing in this world is perfect even the Mona-Lisa wasn’t perfect…Umm mean I am not daunting you but … you know what I am trying to tell and the most important thing don’t be too concerned about when and how, all you need to focus is about your desperation towards making it happen”
The words of Professor might not be straight away but delivered the simplest message. “I am sick of demonstrating this move every single time so, now folks you’ll have to demonstrate this one to me” “I want any four interested ones of you to come forward”.
We were to raise hands and sir called up, “Hey Chris, come and uh... Jennie, Stuart and uh... Erick, come here”. I was too nervous of getting in front of professor and the other 100 students. But because I want to progress in this art I stepped forward. He called us up in front of every one and demonstrated “Bring up together your index and your thumb and press them as hard as you can then think about the most penitent moment of your life and accumulate the supremacy of your sorrow or anger’s command towards something you are doing or purely opening a portal. I was going to think about a cycle crash that got me a wrecked leg but what came to my prospect was a face of dark wizard.
 I had my thumb and index joined and an unknown force pushed the space between my thumb and index and a wide portal with pale black background and dark violet flame at its ends that ended up with an explosion that blew me of the face of the floor and threw me towards a wall and that was the last thing I saw before I fainted.
 “Chris, are you fine” an echo stroked my ears and my eyes blinked up and every thing I could see was quite fuzzy. Soon every thing was lucid and I got to make out that I was in my mush. “How did I get here? What just happened to me?” 
“Chris, you were fainted in the Prima heiximist class so we brought you here” said Robert.  
“What happened” I asked eagerly to know the reason of my slight. “You were making the portal but that blasted and you hit the wall and got hurt” 
“What happened next?” I asked
“You were then brought to professor E…”and before Coretta could complete Kelly interrupted “Miss Edna” 

I couldn’t sleep and all from the daytime till now I had been thinking only about that heixardous book and the weird acting of Charlotte Hunk.
 “I should head off to the library and find out” I thought but then “No man, its crazy if any professor spotted me and asked me where am I going in the middle of this night then?” I switched on the lamp and whispered loudly, “Mr. Pills, “Mr. Pills, wake-up! Hey Mr. Pills”
And he woke up with sleepiness with a reign over him and said, “What happened? Did the Monkey steal your cookies or your head became a meal for Razardzing”. “Negative” I said. “So why you are still up” he again said, “Sleep and let me sleep too” 
“No Mr. Pills. You gotta wake up or else my skull gonna bluster up”
“What? I say, whatever’s bothering you, might be really explosive then”
 “Can’t we get to the point? I really need to ask you something” I said firmly for the first time. 
“Okay, say … umm mean ask” said the Mr. Pills 
“Do professors petrol at the night?” I asked
“Ya maybe” he paused and continued “And how could I know? Am I pillow or a student?” 
“Okay then have your sleep” I said. 
“I’ll be right back” I said and switched off the lamp-light and put off the bedspread and lastly made a conclusion to head off to library. I could hear the lullabies from Coretta’s bed or say her pillow and also where I stood up was an absolute uncanny room, it was dark and I could barely see anything. I thought that till now I’ve had a very dreadful and rather useless life and this day (actually night) has given me a piece of time to accomplish something I don’t know then, ‘Why should I step back?’ “I shall go and also find out what’s out there” I thought, with courage and power streaming in by blood. 
Therefore I wore my tepid wear and treaded off to the Library. My first task was to get out of my mush which was just 16 steps away and it wasn’t too challenging. Not wasting any time I pranced and with absolute silence and I departed off my mush. 
Outside the mush, was the moonlight’s period of influence which shone brightly, the cool breeze made me shiver, the sound of waves that babbled along the steep and rocky surfaces could be heard, after covering the mush area I came to the exit of the mush area.
Then I could see the curve-board of ‘Orkbridge’ right at the front and at the right of the wooden boulevard stood Mr. Gillette Gilto whom we met a few days back, I felt that he was going to speak something which could put me in threat so I rushed to him to close his mouth. I tried to make whole of my effort to stop him from uttering but he shouted at last, “Aalo! mushie noor twel…..” I stopped him by keeping my hand over his mouth and murmured, “Stop! Are you going to have my cookie stolen by monkey, whatever in heaven that means?” 
“Hukay…I is noor gobbling troll speech” and another minute of eye pooping took place with another frozen face and finally I guessed the sentence he might be trying to speak.
 I said, “Whatever you wanna say come and speak at the back of the bushes” “Hukay!” he said. After that, we went inside the mush area again and hid behind a bush. I then said, “Listen, I need to get to the library real quick without getting caught by the medviel”
“Youse can throttle may nest the medviel” he paused and continued, “This willing dive-rot he attentive and youse can puss and re-ache to lips-berry” 
I took a fig of tree an gave him and said to draw what he just spoke. So he took the fig and started creating. He drawn two parallel lines which denoted the boulevard, then he created a round ball at the beginning of the parallel lines with two small eyes and two curve lines on top of the big circle. He then made an arrow and wrote me. This made me understood that this denoted himself. Subsequently he drew a stick figure of a human just beside the ball and made an arrow sign represented it with ‘youse’ which meant you which further meant ‘me’. Then he drew a line at the end of the boulevard and made another stick figure right after the line that stood for the medviel who was in guard. Then he drew a dotted line which started from the ball and ended up at medviel. Then he drew another dotted line from me to the end of the bridge. 
I understood his whole plan that he would go and distract the guard and until that time I would tread off to the library. The plan for getting to the library was fine but the tough part was coming back. I said, “This plan won’t work for getting back”
“We need another plan that could distract the medviel for some more time” I said. And listening to me he rubbed his head for a while and then spoke, “White”. White didn’t seemed to mean anything at this moment so after thinking for a lot I got that it’s ‘Wait’ as he showed his right palm to me. He got on to the bushes and came back after a moment or two with a bunch of big red berries and said, “I is greeting these berries that world might any two slime” This time it was hard for me to guess what he said and then he again said ‘white’. 
I replied quickly as I knew what he said, “Okay” and taking some time he took a berry from the bunch and acted to put it inside his mouth and then laid flat on the ground closing his eyes. “Would he die?” I said with fear and surprise and I again said “I want him distracted or slept not dead” He suddenly got up and said, “No! No! No!  No!” Then he joined his palm and put it under his face and made a noise like “Zzzz”. “Ok, he would sleep” I said calmly and he replied, “Sey!!” 
The plan was perfect and then he took hold of all those berries in his hand. And then we went to the gate and he set off to the medviel and started talking to him, As Gillette went to the medviel, he stood up and then Gillette offered him the berries. After eating those he fell on the chair with a ‘bang!’
I knew it was the perfect time to head off to library; I said “Oh, good lord” and made a perfect sneak towards the library it seemed so easy to be said but was really difficult. I finally crossed the gate with lot of sweat and panic; my deliberate steps finally took me to the library’s door without being seen. 
I finally opened the door. I was hoping the door not to make a creaky sound but it made as usual and also wasn’t noticed by the medviel .I entered the calm and cozy library and closed the door slowly. It was warm inside and the voices of waves stopped at once.
 I stood at the middle of the library all alone and suddenly when I took a glance at my right I saw a bench and when I further looked around I saw the whole room was completely changed. Consequently a girl with long blonde hair who was sitting in bench came to my sight and when she looked at me her face was completely sinister and black that could barely be seen; she had purple shiny eyes that looked absolutely dreadful. I hurled myself backwards and was frightened too much that I fell while taking steps backwards.
I tried to run but suddenly the room again completely changed. The girl and the bench disappeared and once again I stood all alone in the middle of horrific and sinister library with my legs too weak to even move.  No more courage was left in me to stand for even another moment or two.
 I dashed out without a minute of thinking and took long, feared and rushed steps looking back at the library and ‘BOOM’ a crash again with a girl who fell off badly like me when the crash took place with Robert. I stood up hurriedly and I said, “I’m really very sorry for that” 
“It’s okay but Chris why you are in such a hurry?” said she “Do you know me?” I asked 
“Are you off from your senses, I am Coretta, how could I not know you?” “Coretta we’ll discuss that later let’s first reach our mushes it’s really very important to leave now”. 
And after it was said a massive lightning thundered the earth. “Fine, let’s move then” and saying that we treaded off to our mushes. After all those steps that took us to the medviel we crossed the archway without saying a word at the way. Then we got the mush area’s entrance and could now smell the fragrance of flowers and voices of crickets and insects. 
Than began the way towards our mush and I don’t know why and how but it all passed really quickly and I don’t remember what happened, I forgot about just everything and was continuously thinking how to get inside the mush. We then reached our mushes. I was about to get inside and Coretta held my hand, pulled me a little and as I turned around she said, “We can't get inside the mush, everyone would be sleeping inside and if we would be talking than they all will wake up even before you could complete your first sentence!”
“So where would we go then?” I asked.
“Umm… we can sit on those logs”, said she placing her finger towards a big rather small log.
“It would be perfect” I appreciated her idea because it was a perfect time to hear a non-fictional horror horrific story. It was dark and the sound of insects gave the effects of presence of a stupid and clumsy ghost, that roams around the forest and try to scare people for no reason, maybe for fun. And moreover sitting and listening to the story in a forest completed the whole scenario. And so we walked down to the log and sat down.
“So now can you explain me that why were you so frightened?” she asked
“Okay so… It all started today when we were about to leave the library and I saw a girl sitting on the very corner of the library with her right arm vertically kept on the table and her palm holding her chin. She was reading a book and was too lost in that book that she’d barely care what was happening around her. After all I wasn’t any talked about and wasn’t well-known to the class so I thought that if I’d do a little mischief than it wouldn’t cost me anything big, right?” “Ya” as expected from a good listener. “And by this I could be able to draw the class’s attention. So I thought to do…uh you know… something… um... kind ‘a monkey business just for sake of fun…”  She spoke indignantly “So what did you did next! ... just tell me …spill the beans”
“Calm down, I’m not going anywhere … and moreover I don’t have any beans” I said  
She paused for a while and yelled, “Have you ever talked ahead of literacy … Umm, means sometime we spell words and sentences that don’t mean what they mean … you’re getting my point?” 
 I was actually bewildered and one thing I knew for sure that the world is full of non-literal, baffle spoken people and so I said, “Umm… If I stick to not being a liar… then you know that you’ll get a non positive answer” 
   “Man … It’s a phrase … a type of phrase that we learn at 2nd grade” Coretta spoke at the top of her voice banging her head twice 
“Ohh… so can’t you just say the word ‘Phrase’ in spite of ‘don’t mean what they mean’” 
“Oh my father’s daughter you’re caught up in a cage”, said Coretta
“So this was also a phrase right?”    
“Ohh… can’t we just leave this phrase, cuz from the time I spoke a phrase this day is getting worse than ever” “Just continue your chronicle” 
“Okay!” I said 
  “I thought of slipping her elbow and make her face bash the table and demolish all of her concentration over the book. But things don’t always go as planned and it didn’t go this time either. And what actually happened was; I strode towards her and when she was about two-three steps ahead of me, she looked at me with her eyes blazed with violet-flames and at that moment she was so Heixardous that I could bare some kind of a… frightening vibes, moreover these vibes started to wipe out my consciousness and I began to faint. I took a few steps backwards. “C’mon lets go or do you want an invitation?” said a voice I was very familiar with. It was none other 
than Robert’s voice. “Sure mate” I replied and you know what happened next we left for our mushes”
“So this is what all happened” said she.
“Yes, and this is what was bothering me all along and so I went to library to figure it out once more but you know what happened next” I said.
“But I don’t think we should take this matter so seriously” asked Coretta.
“I know” I said
8“So what next?” asked Coretta
“If we want to save humanity with its existence and eradicate vicious thoughts and sinister to continue prosperity within humans than maybe we should think about…” I said that but I didn’t really mean to say it. I mean my mouth just did it.
“Whaaat…,” she continued, “What were you just saying?”
“Uhh... You’re driving me crazy Chris” Coretta said.
“Leave it, what we do now?” she asked
Frankly speaking I really didn’t knew what was happening from past 15 minutes but to end all of this right now I said, “Sleep is only solution to our problem and we’ll discuss the next day ”
And as she heard this word she banged her head twice and then said, “I am damn sure that you are sick, let’s move on or you’ll release your negative vibes that’ll turn me a Brain eating Monster that feed on intelligent brains just like yours or mine … or anyone else’s”
“You’re probably turned into one” I muttered. “What?’
“I didn’t say anything” 
‘Wait wait … wait, she thinks of me as an intelligent one’ I thought and nor did I knew that I was blushing too much until she said, “Why the hell are you blushing so much!!”
“Aam not blushing, it’s just me” We then stood up and walked straight into our mushes without a word and slept.  
“Oh is it, or?” she asked.
“No it is it” I replied.

My eyes opened up when it was 6AM and like every day no one was awake and as usual everyone was asleep.
“Hey pills! wake up” I said to my pillow, it’s so awful to wake something that fasts you asleep. Mr. Pills blinked up his eyes twice which were actually cotton balls wrapped inside a cloth and spoke sluggishly, “G’d morninggg...” 
“Good m…” he interrupted before I could complete, “Wait, where you were last night?” he continued, and “Don’t you know that I get frightened when left alone” 
“Actually I was with…”
“The one whom you saw in your dreams, right” asked my pillow. 
“No … Umm mean … Yes, but how do you know?” I asked astonishingly. 
“I am your pillow and I see everything you see in your dre…” he said
“So, you saw all that” I asked felling a bomb-shell.
 “Yes, every thing” replied my pillow with no shame. 
“Hey buddy, do you know that when I had to imagine you, I imagined a pillow whom I could share everything with, so be sorts of it bud” I said to my pillow. 
“And so am I” he replied.
“Well leave that” I said
Then I went for brushing where I saw that Golden Blaze was furthermore sleeping I don’t want to disturb him up but I shook him and it rouse up by rubbing his hands on his eye which was just the center point of his face and jumped on the paste and again started brushing my teeth.    
  It was about 6:30 when I came out of the washroom but I found that everyone was still in slumber and on the other side the gobo was ready with his mallet to strike everybody once more, but I didn’t saw him coming “Strange, well! I am used to it”. He struck everyone and they all got up. 
Now as it was the time for supper and I didn’t had my brunch too, being so hungry I had mice’s play inside the pancreas and so we had our breakfast, I was to have a heavy meal so I thought about the noodle soup and opened the fridge and the soup was waiting for getting inside my stomach. It was classic old vintage noodles soup. 
I had the habit of eating while standing, everyone saw me and Robert said, “Hey I like it”, “Like what?” I asked. “The soup, it would be good if we all shall have soups” said Robert. No one sat to far and everyone listened to what Robert said. 
Everyone thought about their own favorite soup. Bob had his tomato soup, Kelly had her green herb soup and Coretta as usually was stick to the classics, the plain old noodle soup just like me. Mine and Coretta’s thoughts were similar as both were sellers so did Robert and Kelly’s even though they had nothing in common. 
 ‘There was nothing in the universe like bob except for Baab.’
After the breakfast we walked to Muriks class. The class started as usual with Linen on his place. 
John Linen said, “So, class to…” 
“Sir why don’t you use portal instead of walking to the class” interrupted a student. “First of all don’t butt in while I am speaking and secondly I don’t want to grow old” replied Professor Linen. 
“As I was saying, today we will be …” 
And again an interruption but this time it was a Professor Falensio.  He was short man but taller than John. He had a goatee beard and looked very creepy and wore a coat which had violet stripes in black velvet, same as Prof. John but a lot longer then. “Good morning Linen, good morning students” he spoke. John linen turned to him with a smile and spoke “Good morning professor” 
Listening to professor he entered the class .The sound of his boots tapping the wooden floor and his coat flapping behind his back was heard.
       And suddenly a blunt beckon from somewhere stunned my mind and my sight became a bit fainted, whatever I could see was- 
Professor Falensio took a razor-sharp hidden blade blazed with black and violet flames around it that were heixardous beyond believe, he was just going to hit Professor Linen with it and as I was sitting at the third row I could not stop him, so I shouted, “Stop!”  
 But then all disappeared with another wave clearing my sight, but I was still shouting, “Stop”. I thought it was my sight of mind for Prof. Falensio lunging to Prof. Linen, but then I saw him walking towards Prof. Linen in the same manner. 
I thought that he might lunge those blade into Prof. Linen and I just have probably just started to believe in those intuitions, so I shouted, “Robert stop him”. And listening my cry Robert glanced back to me and observing my fingers pointed to Falensio he again looked forward to Prof. Falensio and it happened the same, Prof. Falensio took the same sharp object with the same flames around it and was just going to thump Prof. Linen but Robert caught his hand and tried to stop him for a breathe but Falensio when realized that his foremost chance for attacking Prof. Linen had just been ruined, he pulled Rob’s hand and kicked him at his thorax with a red outburst of glare at Rob and he got himself floating all the way to the bench that broke out after Robert slammed it and then John Linen shouted, “Are you insane?”
“Karl what has happened to you, you have turned into a monster” said linen
“Yes I think so and,” he took a short pause and continued, “You filthy medviel would breathe your last breath today!” 
Saying this he aging tried to lunge his blades stab Professor Linen but Linen blocked it by a Pregenery which smacked his thorax and hauled him to the periphery. 
 “So you know something, but that’s not enough for defeating the great Karl Falensio” said he on top of his voice. He rejuvenated and was again ready with his assault but soon after Prof. Linen spoke, “Even my students are enough for defeating you Falensio!”
“Students be ready with you best moves, it’s a test you all have to pass” said Linen to glorify the battle. “And Chris you’ll lead them” he continued.
Karl was burst to anger and listening to that his rivals were children. And I was feeling that what a kind of professor was Linen because being a professor he should defeat Falensio himself and he was also a great professor but he left us in to die. We’ve came here a day before yesterday and then too our professor summoned us in a battlefield to fight against another professor, but after all I had to listen to him.
 “Okaay sir” I replied.
“Bob be ready with your Pregenery, Coretta you with your move, Richard you with your telekinesis powers and Kelly you’ll be in defense, Robert you know what to do and Siya be ready with your ‘Ana been’ transmission and perform it the same way you performed yesterday, rest others be ready with what you’ve learnt till now..” I commanded. 
Bob was ready with his own created Pregenery which he named as air bending Pregenery. Rob took his stance with ignited fists. Coretta was ready with the venomous mist, Kelly had a different thought, instead of offense she was trying to defend ourselves and so she created a shield. 
A boy whom we met at the library was very frightened and so were many students of the class and they hid themselves under benches.
 Another girl who was looking the most courageous of all was ready with a green mist aura ball which had a really horrid smell. 
 “Okay then Robert, you start first” I yelled. Robert tightened his fist and swung a jab to Falensio. But it didn’t cause any harm to Falensio.
“You are ants before me” he yelled and formed a dark aura between his hands and dashed it to Robert’s thorax, it was just going to hit Robert, but all of a sudden, Kelly scuttled before Robert with her barrier and the ambush crashed with the shield and scattered upon the floor with a blast which threw Rob and Kelly alongside the wall and shoved Falensio, but that didn’t seem to affect him again.
Seeing Kelly off the ground transformed Robert’s grief into anger as she was badly injured.  
Till that time a table fluttered up from the back and made a loud crunching sound of the table clashing with him. 
“She was my friend” cried a boy from the back. 
“She is!” bawled Rob.
“Ya… just” said that boy.
“Sorry but no time for it” I said
“Bob, go for it” I shouted and gave a push to Bob. 
Bob jumped in air and landed at the soonest with his whole body budging down after he opposed the earth for a second and released the Pregenery which he prepared before and it was nearly latent and it directly hit professor’s back and made him off to the ground being off sight .
While he was falling off a girl yelled “Pappilums, make him Ariel!” and listening to her words two pappilums that hid under the desk scurried and grabbed Professor’s feet and flew him upside down. 
“You children!!” moaned Karl.
Saying this he tried to ambush the poor Pappilums but a girl with a force field around her hand swung her hands and that force-field left her hand and drew off the ambush from Karl and finally he had no moves left to hit them. 
“Coretta, you ready?” I asked 
“Yeah, but you have to move it to Karl” replied Coretta in a courageous voice. 
“Okay I’ll try” I said and then she entangled her hands and created the ‘venomous mist’ that she learnt and released it, I again thought of something negative to make a portal and transport all the stuff to Karl by again opening the portal in from of him and I was able to do that. 
Professor Karl was now stunned, tried for his last move and made a gigantic black aura ball and released it off the students and unfortunately it stabbed Genie off to the ground and made her faint. 
“Do you think you can defeat me with these? Huh…” said Falensio 
“You are too sunk in pride that you forgot you are in the peak of death!" I said
“Go for it!” I said and ducked, a courageous girl flanged a horrid sticky stinky ball to Prof. Falensio. 
“Do you think this; this stink could kill the Gre…?” 
“Blah …blah …blah I know” Bob interrupted. 
Then that girl said, “3…..2….1 and” and then a sea brown fart gas enclosed around Mr. Falensio. And it really had a horrid smell which made him very aggravated. Then the gas around him turned into the same ball that she created.  Soon the noise of fast tapings of feet was heard and Headmaster (Gregor Hazorburg) entered and as usual with pin drop silence 
Head Master showed his palm to us and got closer to Karl with absolutely no anxiety at his face, having a manacle in his hand, stopped in front of Karl and said, “I didn’t expected this from you Karl” 
Karl spoke nothing. Hazorburg left that manacle hanging in air and said, 
“Go and catch your prey” and obeying Headmasters orders it stuck itself in the hands of Professor Karl. Then Headmaster Hazorburg left.    
   After the Headmaster had finally caged the cruel lunatic, it was the time of celebration as we were successful in stopping Prof. Karl and also passing our first test. But the worst lesson of today was not to be sure or guaranteed of even being safe with Professors! 
Linen then spoke, “It truly disappoints me that even after the whole of Orkbridge kneel with respect to one another, but we still had to face many troubles till this day” 
“But I would like to express my gratitude towards y’all by granting some extra caliphers” he said and after it he left the class. Many of our friends were down ‘n’ out during the confrontation. Robert, Kelly, Vandervoot, Genie and Richard which were knocked out .I haven’t noticed their grievance during the confrontation. 
I thought that how I could be so ignorant towards the grief of my only loved ones. I looked towards the ones who got hurt, I saw myself as a disgrace being a human being.  
“The place that I once called heaven had become no more than a warzone”.  
Some of them were really groaning in agony and grief. They had severe wounds that were bleeding at their most, but still they had a smile that hid thousands of cries within.  I began to feel uncomfortable and everything seemed quite confusing and then I thought of quitting everything up and go back at some peaceful place. I could sense but couldn’t bear the grief around me. 
“Are y’all alright?” asked Linen.
“Yeah…. Aaah,” Richard took a pause and continued “Noooooo!” he moaned with his face squashed up.
The room was filled with people but I still felt lonely from the core of my soul. Just a bit of strange noise from my back then Prof. Ena Lana appeared from nowhere. She was there to discuss the matter with Prof. Linen. Professor Ena Lana spelled out a strange set of words that sounded like, “Pots don’t spill or kill pickles” and again from nowhere dropped some stretchers that didn’t make any noise. 
“Let’s place them on the stretchers and lift them” said Professor Ena.
Everyone started to place the wounded on the stretchers. We were then transported somewhere near a forest. There were two gigantic rocks stood in front of a huge mountain  
ghastly red-black sucker door made by Prof. John. And then we went to the infirmary following the board signs. The infirmary was a hut of a poor doctor which was not possible of a doctor being poor.  It had a door with a template with “Knock Twice”. The door had some advanced carving and the whole building was surrounded with dense forest.
“Knock, Knock” the resonance of an old lady was heard. “We have come here for the treatment of our friends” I replied loudly. “Come in but make no noise in here” said that voice again.
We entered the infirmary which was just like a Witch’s house full of some slimy and bubbly sort of liquid kept inside many small and big tumblers round at the bottom with a narrow neck with a cork tied with a thread on the opening which was actually closed.  
“Potions!” whispered a girl.
There were many more freaky things filled in containers and a big round pot and at the center and some beds the other end. Her gigantic pot was cooked on fire and had a stick which was stirring a dark green liquid boiling bubbles flattering all over.  And beside it stood a lady who was stirring the whole liquid with a large wooden stick and wore a purple sweater with a pink. 
“That smells like a dead mouse” chided Prof. Ena 
“Or even worse” stated the lady 
“Well I have more of a relevant matter to discuss” said Prof. Ena.
Then Professor pointed a finger towards us and the lady looked carefully upon the abrasion of the students and spoke, “I see what kind of a disaster had made such a poor condition of the children”
“We don’t have time to spare on how it happened but have to treat what has happened”
“Okay then” said the old lady and she left her stirring work and yelled, “Mr. Crisp!”
And from somewhere a voice answered, “Yeah! On your service” And before I could register this; the old lady screamed again, “Alter your speed Mr. Crisp or else I have to alter my servant” 
“No mam …. Umm…mean no altering of servants I’ll … I’ll be right … right in front of… of you in aaah sec..Sec...Second” he sounded like a fish had got stuck inside his throat.
“A poor second Mr. Crisp was over by the time you finished your second” said the lady. 
“I am sorry to make no use of your precious time Professor but you know these… ‘Dumb-butts’ ” managed the old lady facing towards Prof. Ena. And until that moment came Mr. Crisp rushing down and saying, “Sorry for the delay! Ma’am Edna” 
From now I got to know that her name was Edna and that name certainly suited her personality and traits as well. 
“Okay so Mr. Crisp, take them to the tranquil-heaps and manage them for their treatments” 
“To your order ma’am” said he spoke on the top of his voice, “fo…follow me trainees of Prof. Ena Lana.” Then we took our friends to the tranquil heaps following Mr. Crisp and that were at the next door. On our way we passed through some passageway where we witnessed many cobwebs and swarm of bees swiveling around their honeycombs murmuring to themselves. 
“Why don’t you clean them up” asked one of the students.
“Actually we have reared them” replied Crisp.
“For what?” asked the same student?
“Well I don’t think that’s important to answer all of your questions,” he continued “But ignoring it that’s ‘venom’” 
“The room we’re ought to be will be right next to us” said he.

We entered it and experience a great blow of tranquil and hassle-freeness inside. It was a gigantic hall with heaps of bed sheets and cushions kept in the side of a few beds, where the treatment of would be done. 
“Place all of them on the beds” said Crisp.
We placed our friends allotting everyone a bed and we all started to murmur among ourselves.
“Man this place is…eww!” said Kelly making a squashed face with her eyes closed apparently.
“Yaah, it’s …its actually uncomfortable” 
“Yaah it is a bit” broke out Mr. Crisp in between, he continued, “But its setting is made to quickly heal injuries”.
“You’ve got used to it right?” I asked.
“Yaah kind off…” he replied.
Soon a (little noise) of shoes on to the wooden floor was heard and then the door of the room opened and after that showed up an old lady: Edna.
“She entered with a calm mood and neutral expressions when she showed up and trudged up seemed to ignore us all. She mad a way through us and I believed that she is (slow and inactive) and an introvert of its highest. She looked like she was not happy to meet us, but how could she be happy seeing more people on bed than people who are hale and hearty. We all stood silently and then the whole room resounded with her small and slow steps, then she first stood beside the bed of Remy Vandervoot and said, “Which one of you could write quickly?”At that time I wasn’t ready for that so I did not showed up but then an acquainted voice yelped, “Khrees, he truly writes fast” Before I could say something she said, “Take a pen and a parchment from the cupboard and come here” Husky said, “I am on it” even though he didn’t specify and wasn’t told either. 
He ran to the cupboard and opened it to see for the paper and pen and as he found it he became awestruck and he said, “I got it!” .I didn’t knew why was he so agog because finding a parchment and pen wasn’t very big deal. He then again came back to me and gave it to me. “Thanks” I said and he nodded pleadingly and said, “mention not”. 
Then I strode to Professor Edna who was studying the wounds and then I stood their trying to see it when Edna started to murmur, “A clove & muzzle-nuts blend would be perfect for them. 
And soon I had to leave to mount Colossal with Doc. Edna for getting medicines for the wounded and we made our way towards a really steep edge of the plateau we were on that I didn’t realize early on but I did now. We were inside the ‘Ravine of Razardzing’
